So we're getting used to using the exchange builder to build builder way of creating exchanges.
To implement a more advanced topic Exchange let's use the builder method and see what we can do with
it.
So I'll go down and I'll create a bean.
And again I'll say I want an exchange and that exchange is going to be a new exchange and insight the
Xchange builder I'll say Xchange builder The Opt. topic Exchange and the name of my Xchange is my going
to be topic
testy exchange
and then I can provide again internal all delete durability delayed creation of my Xchange ignore declaration
exceptions and with some arguments again and with a map of arguments as an option.
So for my Xchange I can definitely say I want an auto delete Xchange and as the durability I can provide
true as my durability and I can say internal and I can even provide some arguments for my topic exchange
builder but this time I'm simply going to build it and let's see what's going to happen.
Let's read on our application
or application starting up.
And here we go.
Let's take all the logs and we should see that our topic exchange is created in rabit him.
Q Let's go back to dashboard and from there we should see that our test topic exchange is created as
you can see here and if we go inside it it is durable set as auto delete and internal is also true just
like that topic exchange creation with the builder method.
As simple as that.